
Use the HTML 5 video element.
I had this working already /var/www/html/videojs

Definitions 
   Production - A configurable Template for creating events
      Determines Player Page layout, content and behavior
   Event - An instance of a production
   Client - Programs which communicate through MQTT broker.
   Directors - Customer personnel responsible for a production

   MQTT - publish, subscribe

   VideoTime      Elapsed time
   UserID         email address  
   ProductionID   'P' + Drupal NID
   EventID        'E' + Drupal NID
   SessionID      Use the UUID as per Kevins calculation
   TelegrafID     String which describes format of MQTT payload

MQTT Clients

   Server client
      When clients start they request configuration 
         If client is a Player 
            Receive EventID from player
            Read in client configuration json file
            Load event record from Drupal
            Load production record from Drupal
            Create configuration from above - publish to MQTT
         If client is a production
            Server reads in specified json file and publishes to client

   Producer clients 
      One instance per active production/event
      Production client only runs during an event
      Wakes stupid, gets configuration from ltserver based on start options
      Boot straps Drupal
         Connects to Drupal database
         Provides access to all Drupal API calls, services, etc.
      First field of mqtt topic is the EventID 
      Subscribes to activities from Player and saves them to Drupal
      Calculates production stats? # viewers # questions, # chats
      Keeps history of chats, questions, polls for this event
      Players upon boot can request a list of chats, questions, polls
      Calculates and maintains poll results - 
         published on request or update.

   Player clients 
      One instance per viewer.
      Extracts eventID from webpage URL
      Wakes up stupid
         Request configuration from server - pass in event ID
         Request state from production client
            Receive list of chats, question and polls (or just poll summary)
      
      mqtt publish
         Activity - Custom Drupal Entity with Bundles.
            Video Stop - videoTime
            Video Start - videoTime
         Chat - Single record
            Video
         Polls - Not sure what these are yet.
            Use webform to define poll forms.

MQTT Topics
   EventID/UserID/Type/Activity/TelegrafID
      Type: Player, Chat, Question, Poll, Status Request, Status, Error
      Activity: Post, Start, Stop, 

Activity entity (with bundles)
   Fields
      Bundle - Player, Chat, Poll, Question, Error
      2 dates - Start/VideoTime, End 
      Content 
         Player:   empty?
         Chat:     message text
         Poll:     json - could be complicated
         Question: Response - text 
      UserID - user email address
      EventID - Is first field of topic
      SessionID - Use the UUID  

   Activities are sent to MQTT broker - Topic, EventID/UserID/Activity/ActivityType/TelegrafID
   Production client subscribes to activity and saves to Drupal.

Telegraf and Historian
   ? Does it make sense to store activity data into influx ? 
   Telegraf subscribes to fifth field of topic

   
